THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, FRIDAY, JUNE 2, 1905.

PARIS BOMB OUTRAGE.
REGARDED CHEERILY BY KING.

Paris, June 1.

King Alfonso regards the bomb outrage cheerily, and is the object of much sympathy. There is great indignation here and at Madrid.

It is	believed that the outrage was planned at Barcelona	(Reuter.

Paris, June 1.

King Alfonso and M. Loubet were greatly cheered on their way back from the Chalons parade ground.

The bomb yesterday injured ten persons. One horse was killed and six were injured. The police have arrested one of the instigators. The Rome and Athens Parliaments have congratulated the King and M. Loubet. (H.)
LOCAL AND GENERAL

THE COTTON WORM has reappeared at Zan kaloue, in the Zagazig district.

THE BRINDISI MALL will close at the G.P.Q., Alexandria, at 8:30 a.m. on Monday.

QUARANTINE restrictions as against plague arrivals from Aden have been removed.

HESSEINIEH SCHOOL.  New premises for the

Hasseinieh School are to be constructed at a

cost of £15,000.		

New Bank.-- According to the “Economiste d Orient; the Ionian Bank proposes to open one or two branches in Egypt.

KHEDIVIAL LIBRARY.-- From July 1 till the end of September the reading rooms of the Khedivial Library, Cairo, will be open from 5 a.m. to 1 p.m.

TANTAH LOCAL COMMISSION.-- It is proposed to convert the Tantah Local Commission into a mixed commission, like those of Mansourah and the Fayoum. 

THE PLAGUE. Yesterday's plague bulletin records a recovery at Toukh and two cases (one fatal) at Damanhoar, where a patient died in hospital.



ALHAMBRA THEATRE —Mr. S. Conegliano,the proprietor of the Alhambra Theatre, has opened a ten years lease of the theatre with Mr. G.B. Alderson.

P.W.D.  — Colonel Friend, RE, has been attached to Mr. Perry, Under Secretary of State for Public Works, at a salary of L.E.1,000 per annum.

THE Captain's watch.—Captain McMillan Thomas, captain of a steamer in Alexandria harbour, had a gold watch stolen from his cabin yesterday..	

HELOUAN Railway.—The Delta Light Railway Company has informed the Ministry of Public Works that its board has voted a sum of L.E. 60,000 for the improvement of the Helouan line.	f

A LADY GOVERNMENT CLERK. —The Prisons Department has appointed El Sit Estifan as a clerk in the female prison at Cairo. She is said to be the only woman holding a clerkship in the Egyptian government.



FATAL ACCIDENT.-- Yesterday afternoon, a coal heaver, of the name of Ibrahim Abd el Rabbs, was run over by a train on the Alexandria quays and expired on reaching hospital.

SUEZ CANAL.—On the 29th and 30th May 18 vessels passed through the Canal, of which 13 were British, 1 Dutch, 1 Norwegian, 2 German, 1 Austrian. The receipts for the two days were frs. 302,931.68, making the total from the 1st May frs. 9,004,001.03.

IRRIGATION INSPECTOR'S CLOTHES STOLEN.-- A Cairo contemporary states that while Mr. J.B. Ireland, Inspector of the Fourth Circle of Irrigation, was asleep in the Irrigation Department's rest house at Maghagha a few days ago, his clothes were stolen. The thief has not yet been discovered.



PORT SAID'S CATHOLIC SEAMEN'S CLUB.-- The  Hon. Mrs. Fraser and other well-known workers are organising a concert in Chelsea Town Hall in aid of the Catholic Seamen's Club at Port Said. This institution is largely supported from England by Roman Catholics interested in the work for seamen.

GATTI'S CIRCUS.—Our readers will remember the theater fire at Alexandria, and the consequent destruction of the material and effects belonging to Gatti's circus troupe. Mr. Gatti, who is in Cairo with his company, now informs us that he has reconstructed the whole of the material destroyed, and, before quitting Egypt, intends giving a few performances at Alexandria in the Pyramids Theatre, beginning next week. New artistes have been engaged and are due to arrive from Europe on Sunday next.

HOTEL BEAU-RIVAGE.-- The management of the Hotel Beau-Rivage deserves to be heartily congratulated on the success of its ball last night. This beautiful Ramieh hotel looked its best and the ball was attended by the "creme de la creme" of Alexandria and Ramieh Society. Dancing was indulged in to the strains of the band of the Royal Berkshire Regiment. The evening was a great success and Mr. Runckewitz, the new proprietor of the hotel, left nothing undone to promote the pleasure of his numerous guests. We are pleased to announce that this is the first but by no means the last of the dances to be given at his hotel during the summer season.

GREAT ACTIVITY IN HARBOUR.

(From our correspondent).

PORT SAID DEVELOPMENT.

Port Said, Thursday.

Port Said harbour just now presents a busy scene. Work is proceeding apace on the im provements which are to be carried cut and on which upwards of 1,700 men are employed.

The present coal basin, which easily accommodates 16 vessels, is to be converted into a cargo loading basin for Egyptian produce, which will arrive there direct by the new Matarieh Canal or by the new line off railway now under construction. It is to be fitted with jetties and will accommodate 13 ships.

Immediately opposite this, where the petroleum basin is situated, a large space capable of holding 20 colliers is being dredged out, as is also the intervening land between it and the coal yard channel, by which means coal lighters will go direct to the yards, without, as at present, going into the main harbour. The new petroleum basin will be at the extreme end of this space.

At the back of the "Chantier des Blocs" works and sheds are being built and this space will in two  years’ time be the Canal Company's ateliers, and the floating dock is to be placed close by. The old atelier will be dredged out and is to be used for local craft, for which the Basin Cherif is far too small owing to the growing local traffic.

Sheds are on the plans all along the new basins and a large piece of land between the railway and collier bay  has been reserved for offices and warehouses.

At present some 150 to 200 tons of cotton are shipped here per week, but it is quite probable that with the unrivalled opportunities shippers have here to despatch their goods practically anywhere, the trade will greatly increase. 

The sum allowed in the Budget for "improvements" in Port-Said harbour is £700,000, to be expended in a period of 10 years, and out of which hire of dredging plant is to be paid, together with all special contracts.

RAILWAY TRAFFIC.

The railway is doing well and there seems to be little reason to doubt that the net receipts will amply suffice to pay the annuity due to the company, which will be from L.E. 16,000 to LE. 18,000 a year. There has been a notable increase in the number of passengers. During the last six months of 1902, the receipts from passenger traffic were L.E. 6,019 ; in 1903—when the change of gauge had been partially effected--the receipts for the corresponding period rose to L.E. 10,730 , in 1904, they were L.E. 13,737. It is to be observed that the heaviest passenger traffic is during the first half of the year.

The receipts from goods traffic during the first six mouths of 1902 were L.E. 1,876 in 1903, L.E. 2,037 ; in 1904, L.E. 5,139. It was only during the last two months of 1904 that the goods traffic began to develop seriously. It is expected to increase largely during the current year.

TURKISH TROOPS FROM YEMEN.

The Austrian Lloyd S.S. "Gisela," which was here yesterday on a voyage from Calcutta to Austria, had on board 105 Turkish soldiers, all of Syrian origin. It appears from their accounts that they formed a portion of the garrison of Sanna when it was taken by the insurgents. After the taking of the town, the insurgents murdered the garrison officers and set free the hundred men above mentioned. Those who survived the terrible march arrived at Aden, where they were cared for by the British authorities, who sent them on here The men yesterday started to walk along the coast of the Bay of Pelusium expecting to reach Gaza, to which district several belong in a week 's time.

 

ARRIVAL OF BRITISH CRUISER

The British 2nd class cruiser "Thetis” arrived at Suez early this morning. She is one of the older type, having been built in 1890, is of 3,400 tons displacement, and still steams 20 knots. She will stay here 24 hours coaling.

THE ORIENT LINE

The Orient Line S.S. "Orontes" arrived at 6 a.m. to day from Naples. She is the first vessel of the line to arrive up to time since the new “white labour " contract with the Australian Government. I believe she has had the same difficulty as have the other ships with stokers and their drinking propen sities in every port.
OBITUARY.

ALEC  HOLMES.

It will come as a great shock to the many friends of Mr. Alec Holmes, Inspector of the Salt and Soda Company, to learn that be succumbed early on Wednesday morning to an attack of pleurisy, from which be had been suffering for but a short time. Up to Tuesday evening hope had been entertained of bis recovery, but towards night a change for the worse set in, and he passed quietly away just as dawn was breaking. Mr. Holmes was greatly liked by all who knew him, and his loss will be keenly felt by his numerous friends and by the company to whom his services were devot ed. The funeral took place at Tantah on Wednesday afternoon and was largely attended.

A Tantah correspondent writes: -The death of Mr. Holmes has cast a gloom over the British colony at Tantah, of which he was one of the most popular members. Few English-men  in Egypt were more liked than Mr. Holmes and his geniality, open-hearted hospitality, and entertaining conversation made his house at Tantah one of the most pleasant spots in Egypt.

EGYPT AND THE VATICAN.

QUESTION OF LOCAL HIERARCHY.

A London contemporary states that by a

scheme now under consideration at the Vatican, Egypt is to be withdrawn from the cate-gory of Roman Catholic missions and a regular hierarchy established here, the episcopate being drawn chiefly from British subjects.

On making enquiries at Archbishop’s House this morning we were informed that nothing was known there regarding the scheme. Some eleven years ago the question of the establishment of a regular hierarchy in this country was raised, but the project fell through, for several reasons, one of which was the comparatively restricted number of Roman Catholics in Egypt. While nothing official has reached the local ecclesiastical authorities, however, it is thought quite probable that the question may be on the tapis again at the Vatican.

THE KHEDIVE.

The Khedive, after his visit to England, will proceed to Paris and then to Switzerland for his usual stay at Divonne.

Brewster Bey, English Secretary to the Khedive, is leaving Alexandria on Thursday next by the Florio Rubattino steamer for Naples, whence he will proceed to Paris to rejoin his Highness.

LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.

The Legislative Council met yesterday and passed the regulations concerning dogs and rabies, as well as the draft decree for the extension to all lands in Egypt of the prohibition to irrigate sharaki lands.

The regulations concerning Marsa Matrouh were withdrawn by the Government.

The Council adjourned to another sitting the examination of the modifications to be introduced in the Recruiting Law as regards the examinations of "fikis.''

THE FIKI QUESTION

The sheikh of A1 Azhar University has handed to the Regent a protest regarding the modifications to be introduced in the recruiting of “fikis.” The sheikh maintains in his note that the “fikis” should be exempted from military service by reason of the fact that they give instruction in the Koran, and that, therefore, the Ministry of Public Instruction should not require of them knowledge of mathematics and other sciences.

The fiki question in Egypt is a very pressing social problem, especially in regard to the kuttabs. The term ‘fiki’ should properly be applied only to a person learned in “fiqh" (Mohamedan law), but in Egypt the term is used to denote a person who is able to recite the whole of the Koran and obtains his livelihood thereby. The attractions of a fiki's career have a very bad influence on the kuttabs and tend to divert the children of the poor from their natural avocations in the fields, or in the family workshops, and to embark them upon a career generally lapsing into mendicancy. The children flock to the "kuttabs,” not to receive instruction which will fit them for their position in life, but to commit to memory the whole of the Koran, and thereby, as reputed “fikis,” to escape from liability to military conscription. And, in Egypt, a "fiki," unless he be attached as reader to a “kuttab,” and, except for casual employment in reciting the Koran at funerals and festivals, is virtually a beggar. According to the census of 1897, there were 107,700 craftsmen of various sorts carpenters, blacksmiths, tailors, shoemakers. &c.— in Lower Egypt. The number of “fikis,” who were mostly  mendicants, was no less than 100,000. It has been suggested that the qualification  for exemption from military service should only be allowed to such “fikis” as have received a certain amount of education. It may be men tioned that to gain a livelihood by reciting the Koran at funerals and festivals is forbidden by the Mohamedan religion. In a report recently presented by the Grand Mufti to the Legis lative Council, and approved by that body, the practice of committing the Koran to memory was commended, but with the proviso that “the object of the study is for religious and moral guidance, and not for the very base em ployment of gaining a living thereby, or reciting at festivals or funerals, since these practices are amongst the most reprehensible of the things forbidden in Moslem law, and it is not lawful for any one to assist any efforts made with that object.”

San Stefano Casino

The following is the menu of the dinner to be served at the Casino to-morrow evening on the occasion of the small dance :--

Ortall soup

Filet de Ferrat houps foume

Pommes en serviettes

Aloyesu a la Renaissance

Supreme de volaillie a la Neva 

Among the latest arrivals at the Eastern Exchange Hotel, Port Said, are Mr. J. Hopkins, Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Black, Mr, H. Lloyd, Mr. A Hamilton, Mr. Otto Schmidt, Mr. H. Meyer, Miss Luttrell, Miss Mitchell, Mr. Mellwraith, Saroit Bey, Mr. B Weiss, Mr. F.W. Trydell, Mr. F. Hecheme, Mr. Ch. Watson, Mr. J. Rilbourne Kay, Mr. A.E. Brand, Mr. V.S. Hodson, Mr. P. Manse, Mr. B. Mansfield, Coles Pasha, Mr. L. Fesjel, Mr. E. Hood, Mrs. Mahony, Mr. Fred. Buck. Mr. and Mrs. Bouphidy, Mr. and Mrs. Faber and two children, Capt. P. C. Knudseh, Ing. Civiletti, Mr. T. Hug.

TREMENDOUS EXPLOSION.

16 TONS OF DYNAMITE BLOWN UP AT ABOUKIR.

A record has been made at Aboukir in the history of explosives, the biggest submarine explosion that has ever taken place having occurred there yesterday, when 16 1/2 tons of the most powerful dynamite, consisting of 10 tons of blasting gelatine and 6 1/2 tons of gelignite, went off. Blasting gelatine contains 92 per cent of nitro-glycerine, which is the most powerful explosive in the world.	

The explosives arrived in Alexandria some time ago and were despatched to Cairo by canal. Unfortunately, the boat in which they were being conveyed, got wrecked in a col lision, and the explosive were landed on the banks of the Mahmoudieh, but owing to the great danger which Alexandria ran from their proximity, they were removed to a fort at Aboukir and there stored.

Meanwhile, a lawsuit was bought in the Mixed Courts at Alexandria in reference to the collision and the Court decided that the explosives must be made away with. The owners, Messrs. Nobel & Co., of Glasgow, therefore undertook to destroy them, and on Wednesday afternoon Miralai Hopkinson Bey, Commandant of the Alexandria City Police, Sagh. Kelham, and Bimbashi Edgeworth went to Aboukir to make arrangements for the public security. The Egyptian Ministry of War was represented by Bimbashi Edgeworth.

The explosives were in a dangerous state, as owing to the action of the water in the Mahmou dieh Canal, gases had comes into operation, and if the dynamite bad been kept an explo sion might have ensued with consequences too terrible to contemplate as it is estimated that the 16 1/2 tons were more than sufficient to lay

ALL ALEXANDRIA IN RUINS !

The cases containing the explosives were transported 0n Wednesday afternoon from the fort to the seashore. There they were put into boats and carried 500 yards from the shore in the direction of Nelson's Island, where they were thrown into 15 feet of water. Electric wires were laid down from the coastguard fort to the submerged explosives and an electric battery was installed in the fort. By 8 o'clock on Wednesday evening all was ready for the explosion. At that hour, however, it was too dark to see if any fishing or other boats were in the neighbourhood for the danger zone extended to a distance of three miles. 

It was therefore decided to leave the explosives in the sea until the morrow. Yesterday morning all preparations were completed under the direction of Mr. Harold Harris, F.C.S., chemist and instructor to Messrs. Nobel. He was assisted by M. Ferdinand Muguier, pharmaceutical chemist of the Ecole Superieure of Paris and technical chemical expert to the Mixed Tribunals. At 10.40 a.m. yesterday the button of the electric battery was pressed and the largest amount of dynamite ever exploded at one time went off.

A RECORD EXPLOSION.

Something like an earthquake ensued and all the houses in Aboukir were shaken, while the detonation was heard at Montazah. The sight itself was magnificent The calm blue sea suddenly became a mighty whirl of seething water, while a waterspout about 2,000 feet in height rose to the heavens. The waterspout had a base of about 200 feet in diameter and it ascended in the shape of a snow-white column of glittering foam, which remained in the air for about two minutes, and enabled some local photographers to take some snap shots.

The few spectators of the scene declare that the sight was one of unparalleled splendour, for the sun made the waterspout shine like silver. As the water was falling the sea suddenly presented quite another aspect. A huge wave rose up, many  metres high, and advanced majestically but with a peculiar slowness to — wards  the shore, but before it reached the land this mass of water subsided suddenly and broke up into innumerable large waves. All round the wave and long after it had sub-sided the sea presented the appearance of water boiling in a cauldron and an immense superficies of the water in the bay was churned up like boiling coffee, for it became quite brown in colour, as evidently a huge chasm was blown in the bed of the sea.

Thousands of fish were killed by the shock and their dead bodies afforded a fine haul for the local fishermen.

Mr. Harris was warmly congratulated on the success of the operation by all present, for no damage whatsoever was done owing to the very careful precautions takes by the police and the coastguards

The explosives, which were valued at £3,000, were originally consigned to Messrs Thos (Cook and Son (Egypt), Limited, Messrs. Nobel's agents in Egypt.

Mr. Harris declared that the explosion was the biggest that had ever taken place and constituted a world's record in the history of submarine explosions.

CARLTON HOTEL AD

WINDSOR HOTEL AD

EGYPTIAN SHARE MARKET.
(From OUR Financial CORRESPONDENT).

London, May 26.

Since our last, little of importance has taken place in our stock markets here. The tone has hinged largely on the state of the market for American Rails, the continued fall in these securities having caused a good deal of uneasiness in financial circles both in London and on the Continent. Consequently this has had the effect of checking fresh business. The fact that the weak Bull element has in a great measure been cleared out accounts for the improved tendency and the disposition to a recovery in prices at the time of writing.
The hanging fire of the great land and sea battles, which are anxiously awaited, keeps up a feeling of uncertainty, especially in the foreign market The market for Egyptian securities, although somewhat inactive, continues to hold a firm position. Prices show little or no change from those ruling a week ago. The new issue of the National Bank shares, 50,000 at £10, have naturally been taken up by the present shareholders on the terms offered, namely, £20 per share, the proportion being one new share for every five old shares. The dividend will be payable on these shares in January next, and they are already being dealt in at a premium of £5 to £6 on the issue price. The old shares remain unchanged at 27 3/8. The mining shares in the Egyptian section are neglected at recent levels. The general feeling amongst the dealers is one of expectancy, awaiting developments from the mining centres.

Much comment has been made of late in the financial press as to the frequent appearance of new Egyptian land companies, and the pessimists are beginning to prophesy all sorts

of dire results. We have seen it stated in one paper that the value of land in Cairo is approaching to that of land in London. To show how far this is from the mark, 1 may mention that £10 a square metre, which is the price for good land in Cairo, is equal to £42,000 per feddan. The City of London has recently let, on an 80 years' building lease, land near, but not on, one of the main thorough fares in the city, in a cul-de-sac, which, capitalised on a low valuation, works out at the rate of over £400,000 per acre for the freehold, thus showing that land in the City of London is only ten times more valuable than land in Cairo and this for some of the cheaper land in the city. It would therefore seem that the new companies which have been started to do business in Egypt ought to have a very good future if they con duct their concerns on sound principles, and get ready to obtain the benefit of the present growing demand for house property in Egypt, and the pessimists may have to wait a long time yet before their croakings become necessary.
CORPORATION OF WESTERN EGYPT.

The engineer in charge reports: —The Roman well inside the Deir was tubed to a depth of 84'4‘ when the original bottom was appa-rently reached. The water supply had percept ibly increased, but drilling was continued and at 89’ a bed of hard white sandstone was entered and passed at 105'6" to hard black clay. In drilling the sandstone the water supply increased constantly and now stands about 2 below the level of the Deir land. 1 estimate that when about 25' of tube is out off and the old brick well cleaned to about 30' a well will be obtained capable of supplying by means of sakiehs at least 100 galls. per minute when lifted 12'—15'. The result is most satisfactory and presents the remarkable feature of a big supply standing at a level of 133' above the surface of the ground at No. 1 site distant only 6 miles. .The chemist is hard at work and some new alums have been located.

CAUTION.
MESSRS. HENRI NESTLE having beard teat Mr. J. Vivante has been calling on certain houses and representing himself as their agent and traveller, they hereby inform all merchants
authority to represent them or use their name, and that the sola agents for the sale of the
CHOCOLATS PETER KOHLER et NESTLE LONDRES VEVEY SUISSE

M. Henri Nestle ayant *ti! informs qne M J Vi ran to seat presents k diverse* aaaaaons de commerce an too no® eomsue agrtit voya geor il a l honneur d informer la public qae Monsieur n’s rien de common aver sa aiaon ui droit on Aitre k sett* pretention L’Agent Genera.* pour 1‘Kgypte eat M A. Gtaa	v

Alexandrie et le Caire.

BECK & GO’S PILSENER BEER

ARISTON AERATED WATERS

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

PIGEON SHOOTING.

To THE EDITOR OF thE Egyptian  GAZETTE.

Sir,—Surely the decision of the A. S. C. Committee to allow a pigeon-shooting ground to be established at the club precincts is not irrevocable. The erection of such an adjunct to the pleasant, verdant calm of the grounds would be a decided blow to the popularity of the club. The peace of the place would be gone in the constant banging of the guns, not to mention the sight (which experience of such places leads one to believe would happen in this case also) of maimed, fluttering, and bleeding birds felling on to the tennis grounds and golf links.

I may be lacking in "sporting” instincts, but the element of chance for the bird being so small, and the ease and safety of the man with the gun so assured, makes this form of amusement seem to me at best but a poor game. Still it has its devotees, who already possess more than one shooting ground, which might be imagined sufficient for their delectation.—Yours truly,

"Disgusted."

Alexandria, May 31.

 RIFLE SHOOTING.

On Friday, 19th May, the last spoon competition for the season took place at Tourah. The spoon was won by Mr. Craig with 34+ 34+33=101. Mr. D. McDonald was second with 35 + 28 + 30=93.

For the summer mouths the range will be open on Fridays only.

PASSENGER LISTS.

DEPARTURES.

La paquebot "Bosforo" de la Cie Florio Rubattino parti bier pour Venise avait a bord. —

Rosa Jorfida, A. Shepeads, Rassan et De Villier.s, M. et Mme Petruzzelli, Mario Pas quale, J. Beetz, Solutore Zola, Gennaro Fabiano, Mme Valzania et fam., Mme Veroneai, Cav. et. Mme R. Almagia, Ch. Lazian, fam. Aboaf, Lusena Giov., Pruker, Mme Sandri et fam., G. Gavani, Julius Toridor, Tornail Hakki, Mo-frahham El Sultan, M. et Mme Papadaki, Mme Reboul bey et fille, M. et Mme G. Stavinaki, Ugo Bellavita, M. et Mme Emile Suares, Seffer, Hunright, Biancardi, M. Benevolenza, Cav. R. Corbo et fils, A. Mires, Baronessa Basile, Vignuzzi, servante Basile, Mme Torel, Mme Manusardi et dom., Mmes Manusardi et filles, et 29 passagers de 3me classe.

Le paquebot “Singapore" de la Cie Florio Rubattino parti bier pour Genes avait a bord.—

Mlle N. G. Giardino, Ali Kemal Bey  et fam., Emilio Lonke, Xippas, Ahmed Bey Saib, M. et Mme Colami, W. Tyson, Max Unguar, El Stain, D. Maninelli, Pichard et fam., Daniel

Pipermo, M. et Mme Aless Romani, Mme G. Lavas et file, Mme Messaulam, Curelli, Mass Maresina et fam., Mme Bonnici et filles, Mme De Villebois et filles, De Lucia, Achille, Tar dulli, Nathan et fam., M. et Mme E. Canino, De Stefano Paff, fam. Guyard, G. Dupont, A. Serrao, Mme Levi et fam, M et Mme Seaman, M. et Mme M. Xenakis, Naghib Nanfal, F. Gallo, E. B. Lian, Padre Adriano, Mme A. Ceder, Maria Colasson et fille, J. Bumpe, Mme Conrobert, Mlle Sassel, Soeurs Maria Edellace, Pacifico Viterbo, Guillon, Schiveizer, W. Abel, Mme Neger, Appenzeller, A. De Luciano, Soeur Valent. Teresa, Ahicude, et 60 passagers de 3me classe.

Passagers partis le 31 mai par le paquebot Khedivial "Ismailia” pour le Piree, Smyrne, Metelia, Dardanelles et Constantinople —

8. A. le Prince Abbas Pacha Halim  et sa suite, M. Constantin Antonopoulo, M. et Mme P. D. Papadopoul, et famille, M. et Mme Panayotti Sereme is et famille, M. et Mme. Stavro Anizza et famille, M. et Mme A. Samarides et famille, M. et Mme Petrako Mavromikali et famille, M. et Mme Nicolas Asaimacopoulo et famille, S. E. et Mme Ibrahim bey Loutfi et famille, M. et Mme Elie Evangelou et famille, M. et Mme Kevork Boyakdjiad et famille, M. et Mme. T. Nahabetian et famille, Mme Vve S. Cecebo et famille, Mme E. Garmeli et famille, Mme Modinos et famille, Mr. et Mme. Constantinou et famille, Mr. et Mme Sophoole Chrissocoidis, M. Cunba-Pereirs, C.T. Wade, Leonidas Halichiopolous, E.G. Butler, Georges Mavros, Mme. et Melle. Francis Allen, Mme Haselden, L.L.E.E. Fermez bey Addon, Nusrat bey Mohamed, Faick bey Ibrahim, Mme Dr. Hassah bey Moharrem et dame de Compagnie, Athanase Semaarello, M. Lipertis, B.E. Ehrlieh, Panayotti Cypriadia, Evangelo Seremetis, Otto O'Hubbauer, A. Georguli, Jean Apostilidi, G. C. Zervos, Gothard Deutsch, A. Paradeli, Basile Condonis, A. Anastassiou, Jean Zolichi, Thomas Bingham, M. Yanimbas, E. Karamatzanis, Hercule Chronis, Stylianos Pantazelli, Nicolas Vacchis, M. Pombedjian, P.K. Sinamian, Anastase Travlos, L. Kregor, N. Papazzafiris, Mmes C. Eufsteration, Mme S. Stamatackis et famille, Mme Taamis et famille, Mlle Costopoulos, Ibal Hanem, Heckmat Hanem, Mme. Vve. Psathy, Mme. D. Lenos et famille, Mme. A. Vassanis et famille, M. Baledjian, N. Cori, Major Pillean, Carl Kuhn, Stavro Angelo, Demortheme Pistis, Rev.d Don Luigi Nai, E. Dassoukidis, M. Alexandros, A. Menzopoulos, Mme E. Ladd et famille, Hussein Agha, Haled Ismail, Ismail Ibrahim, Annie Spartoli, Costi Voliotis, Dimitri Manos, Mme Vve. Tourtoulis, Mme Aronciagec, Taouki, M. et Mme John d'Artin et famille, M. Bedros, E. Carabet, P. Calliarschis, M. Gameli, Mmes R. Dracopoulos, Mlles Alforiti, Mme Schmidt, Mlle Margaro Mandeli, Mlles Despina et De po Constaninidis, Sergeant Durrant, Corporals Coleman, Barnes, Cody, Coombs, Court, Cousnis, Byretti de la R.A.M.G., Heckmat Hanem et 256 passagers de pont.
