THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, THURSDAY, JUNE 1, 1905.


THE NAVAL BATTLE.
FURTHER DETAILS.

THE RUSSIAN LOSSES.

 RODJESTVENSKY WOUNDED.
	St. Petersburg, May 31.

General Linievitch forwarded on the 29th inst. a report of the commander of the cruiser "Almaz" which was only published yesterday evening. It says that the battleships “Knyaz Suvaroff," "Borodino,” “Osliabia," and the cruiser "Ural” were sunk during Saturday’s fighting. After the "Almaz" had left the fleet, the battle was resumed in the darkness and the "Almaz,’’ being unable to rejoin  the squadron, proceeded to Vladivostok. The details of subsequent fighting are unknown.

The “Almaz" had 5 killed and 10 wounded.

(Reuter.)

Shanghai, May 31.

The transport “Korea" arrived at Wusung pierced by several projectiles, and all her boats were shot away. She escaped directly the Japanese appeared, but was struck by several shells before she got out of range. (Reuter.)

London, May 31.

The "Daily Express" learns from Tokio that the Russian cruiser "Gromoboi,” in leaving Vladivostok, apparently hoping to join Admiral Rodjestvensky’s fleet, struck a Japanese mine and foundered with all hands.

The “Daily Mail" learns from Tokio that when the "Kniaz Suvaroff" sank, Admiral Rodjestvensky went on board another vessel, but was captured off Fumi yesterday, severely wounded in the arm.	(Reuter.)

Tokio, May 31.

Admiral Togo’s report confirms the capture of a Russian torpedo-boat on the 27th inst., with Rodjestvensky  and another Admiral seriously wounded on board.

The total Russian losses amount to twenty-two  ships. The Japanese losses are unknown.

(Havas.)

Tokio, May 31.

(Official). Admiral Rodjestvensky and another Admiral, both severely wounded, and numerous Staff officers were captured on board the destroyer "Boevoi." The Japanese losses are not yet determined but it is believed that no ship has been seriously damaged. The first division lost about 400 men and Admiral Misu is wounded. The Russians lost altogether 22 ships with an aggregate tonnage of 153,411 tons. The battle and pursuit lasted from Saturday morning until Monday morning. The Japanese were unrelaxing in their efforts until they had gathered in the whole prey.

Admiral Rodjestvensky has arrived at the Sasebo hospital.

The Japanese loss during the battle was only three torpedo-boats.  (Reuter.)

St. Petersburg, May 31.

The torpedo-boat "Bravi" arrived at Vladivostok with 200 survivors from the "Osliaba."

(Reuter.)

St. Petersburg, June 1.

The destroyer "Razyashtchi" has arrived at

Vladivostok.

The Admiralty denies the news that the cruiser "Gromoboi” foundered in quitting

Vladivostok.	(Reuter.)

Tokio, June 1.

Two hospital-ships have been seized and taken to Sasebo on the suspicion that they took a strategic part in the battle. (Reuter )

Tokio, June 1.

Admiral Rodjestvensky's forehead is fractured, necessitating an operation, but he is expected to recover.	(Reuter.)

RUSSIAN PRESS AND THE DEFEAT.
IN FAVOUR OF PEACE.

St. Petersburg, May 31.

The defeat of the Baltic fleet has given a fresh impetus to the clamour of the Russian newspapers fur representative institutions. The liberal organs are not hesitating to attack the Government, declaring that the bureaucracy has crowned the work of national dishonor.

The "Sviet” is the only paper which is in favor of continuing the war. The “Novoye Vreyrna" declares that the situation demands 'the immediate convocation of a representative assembly.

Admiral Alexeieff conferred with the Tsar to-day regarding the situation. (Reuter.)

St. Petersburg, May 31

The Press is unanimous in showing up the mistakes committed in the conduct of the war, and calls for the immediate convocation of a representative national assembly.' (Havas.)

NEW LIBERAL organ.

LONDON, May 31.

A company has been formed with a capital of 300,000 pounds to start a penny morning paper here It will be an official Liberal organ and will be named "The Tribune". (Reuter. )

ATLANTIC YACHT RACE

London, May  31

In the Atlantic yacht race the German yacht 'Hamburg" arrived second and the British "Valhalla" third.	(Reuter.)
PARIS BOMB OUTRAGE.
ATTEMPT  ON KING ALFONSO'S LIFE Paris, May 31.

A detonation was heard at midnight just as King Alfonso was leaving the Opera House. Neither the King nor M. Loubet was hurt.

(Havas.)

Paris, June 1.

As King Alfonso and M. Loubet were returning from the Opera last night a man dressed like a workman threw a bomb. The cuirassier officers riding on both sides of the carriage were thrown from their horses and bruised. One horse was killed and 6 were injured. Three policemen, a woman, and a child were wound-, ed and taken to the hospital.

The King and President Loubet were unhurt.

‘The thrower of the bomb was arrested. (R.)

An attempt on King Alfonso's life had been expected by the Parisian police. Yesterday-week they arrested seven Anarchists, two of whom had been entrusted with the carrying out of an attempt against the life of King Alfonso during his stay in Paris. The men were lodged in prison. Five of them refused to give any account of themselves, but the other two asserted that they bad arrived with the intention of assassinating the King of Spain.
THE DERBY
WON IN RECORD TIME.
London, May 31.

1, Cicero ; 2, Jardv ; 3, Signorino.

 Betting. 4 to 11 against Cicero : -4 to 1 .Jardy ; 50 to 1 Signorino ; 33 to 1 Blue Streak. Cicero Won by 3/4 of a length. One head between 2nd and 3rd. Time 2 minutes 29 2/5. This is a record.	(Reuter.)
HOME CRICKET.
London, May 31.

Australians all out for 221 runs. Cotter 45. England 318 runs for 5 wickets. Tyldesley 61. MacLaren 140.	(Reuter.)

London, May 31.

England 426 runs for 5 wickets. The innings was declared closed. Jackson 82 runs not out.

Australian’s second innings 188. Gregory 51. Analysis, Bosanquet 8 wickets for 105 runs. England beat Australia by 213 runs.

Oxford University beat Kent by 51 runs. Leicestershire beat M.C.C. by 202 runs. Sussex beat Northamptonshire by 8 wickets.

Yorkshire beat Worcestershire by 203 runs. The match between Cambridge University and Surrey has been drawn.	(Reuter.)
LOCAL AND GENERAL,

Stray and Ownerless Dogs found in the Khalifa district of Cairo during the night of Saturday and at daylight on Sunday will be poisoned by the police.

Lots Turcs.—The Imperial Ottoman Bank informs us that the gros lot at yesterday’s drawing of the Ottoman Railway Lottery-bonds was won by the holder of bond No. 120,289.

Hellenic Fleet. — The sum of £8,000, which had been collected in Egypt towards the funds for the increase of the Hellenic Fleet, has been sent to Athens through the Greek Diplomatic Agency.

New Maltese Band.—The first meeting of the promoters of the “New National Maltese Band" will take place on Sunday next in the hall of the Maltese Benevolent Society, 4, Trieste street, when the band will be definitely formed and a committee appointed.

H.M.S. “Juno," Captain Christian, R.N., convoying the Admiralty dredger “St. Lawrence," arrived at Alexandria to-day from Malta. Mr. E. B. Gould, I.S.O., H.B.M.’s Consul-General, introduced Captain Christian to H;E. the Governor of Alexandria this morning.
Suez Canal. — 18 vessels passed through the Canal on the 27th and 28th May, of which 8 were British 1 Norwegian, 4 German, 1 Italian, 2 French, 1 Dutch, 1 Turkish. The receipts for the two days were frs. 575,525:94, making the total from 1stMay frs. 8,491,069.55,

Attempted Suicide.—Yesterday an old native, 60 years of ago, tried to commit suicide by throwing himself into Alexandria harbour. He was rescued before life was extinct and on being questioned declared "that he wanted to make away with himself to escape a load of debt.

Fight on the Bourse.—Shortly after midday to-day the Alexandria Bourse was the scene of a serious encounter with fisticuffs between two well known young Greeks. One of them was much injured about the face and blood flowed freely. The encounter caused considerable excitement.	

Fire at Zagazig.- On Tuesday night, at 11 o'clock, a fire broke out in the bullet at Zagazig station. The Moudir, Schalch Bey, Commandant of the Port-Said Police, and Mr. Langley, of the Irrigation Department, directed the efforts of the fire brigade and the fire was extinguished after some trouble.

THE COTTON CUT WORM.
INTERESTING EXPERIMENTS.
Some interesting and successful experiments in trying to combat the cotton cut worm (Agro tis Ypsilan) have been carried out at Kharaba, on the lands of the Aboukir Company. The Khedivial Agricultural Society sent their entomologist, Mr. Willcocks, to examine a method of dealing with the pest proposed by Mr. Richmond, and we understand that Mr. Willcocks was to impressed with the system employed that he strongly urged the society to arrange for experiments to be carried out in the Behera province, where this particular pest causes so much damage to the young cotton. The same worm has this year also cleared off a great part of the berseem which was left to seed. Unfortunately the society have postponed putting the method to further practical tests till next year, although there was plenty of time to act on their entomologist’s advice.

Mr. Richmond’s method of dealing with the pest is based on making the cotton fields distasteful to the female moth, so as to prevent her laying her eggs on the cotton fields or at the roots of the young plants. To do this he advises that with the first watering which is given to the fields after sowing the seed, two to three gallons of petroleum should be applied for each feddan.

The simplest method of applying the petroleum is to bore a tiny hole in the bottom of a full 33 lb. tin containing 4 gallons and place the tin on a board at the point where the water is being run on to the field. The petroleum falls in a tiny stream or almost in drops on to the running water and is quite sufficient to make the necessary film.

As the irrigation water sinks into the soil it leaves behind it a very fine film of petroleum, which is most distasteful to the moth, whilst it does no harm to the germinating cotton. This is prevention of attack and for that reason a very valuable precaution.

The greatest damage is done a few days after the plant makes its appearance above ground, when the stem is very thin and easily gnawed through by the caterpillar. With the second watering the petroleum should be applied in the same quantity and manner as previously. After the second watering the plants quickly become strong enough to withstand stem attacks, which are the most fatal.

The petroleum film on the fields should kill any eggs and newly hatched caterpillars with which it comes in contact. This may be called cure, of a value only second to prevention. The method is a very simple one, very cheap, and can be applied by any cultivator. Petroleum can be obtained in any village in Egypt at about P.T. 10 per tin. Half a tin will do a feddan, and the sole instructions to the fellah are to make a very small hole with a pin. The experiments are to be continued in the autumn on the young berseem crop, which is generally badly attacked by Agrotis at Aboukir if the berseem is sown early.

From caterpillars collected at Kharaba Mr. Richmond finds that the chrysalis stage is 14 days and the presumption is that there are a succession of broods during the summer.

It is interesting to note that two of the caterpillars which were being watched were badly attacked by parasites which appeared to bo the larva of an Ichneumon fly. Those larva bored their way out of the bodies of the two caterpillars and spun small yellowish white cocoons for themselves. Both caterpillars attacked by the parasites died, being unable to turn themselves into pupae. The cocoons of Ichneumon flys should on no account be destroyed.

THE NUBARIEH CANAL.

The Ministry of Public Works has issued the following notice in regard to the prolongation of the Nubarieh Canal :—

“In order to put the public on their guard against certain statements to the effect that the Government had the intention of shortly prolonging the Nubarieh Canal, the Ministry of Public Works hereby declares that any undertaking for the extension of the canal, if t is executed, will only bo carried into effect in any case in the distant future.”

THE UPPER NILE.

Major P. Powell Cotton, late 5th Batn. Northumberland Fusiliers, the African ex plorer, who is on an expedition from the Nile to the Zambesi, has been heard of again. Ho left the Lado Enclave for the Congo Forest at the end of February, and arrived on the 29th April at Wadelai— allwell. Major Powell-Cotton is travelling all alone, having only a bodyguard of natives, who will follow him anywhere, such is their admiration for the "kind white chief." The gallant explorer's methods are always those of peace and goodwill.

STEAMER MOVEMENTS.

The Ellerman S. S. “Bulgarian” sailed from Liverpool on Tuesday for Gibraltar, Malta, and Alexandria.

The Moss liner "Seti" arrived in England yesterday.

The Messageries Maritimes S.S. "Congo” arrived at Marseilles from Alexandria yester-1 day morning.

The Moss liner "Rameses” sailed from Malta yesterday and is due here on Sunday morning with passengers, mails, and general cargo.

The S. S. "Royal Prinoe,” from Manchester, left Malta this morning and is due here on Sunday evening next, with passengers and general cargo.

THE SUEZ CANAL.
DIVIDEND AND DISSATISFACTION.
A London correspondent writes:—

Considerable dissatisfaction is expressed in shipping circles at the decision of the directors of the Suez Canal Company to pay a dividend of 28 per cent. on account of 1904, as against 26 per cent. for the previous year. It had been hoped that the increase in net profits during the past twelve months would have been devoted entirely to the reduction of the dues charged on vessels using the Canal. The addition of 2 per cent. to the shareholders’ dividend knocks this idea on the head, and if the present charge of 8.50 francs per ton is reduced to 7.75 francs shipowners will think themselves lucky, for the generosity of the company may even fall short of this small concession. Indeed, I should not be surprised if the reduction is only to 8 francs per ton. Such a decision might be regarded with favor by some of the shareholders, but I fancy that in the end the directors would regret their niggardliness.

As to whether the redaction is likely to be maintained, a high authority in the shipping world said to a Press representative last week: —-"In 1906 the Canal Company are going to lose 10,000,000fr. in consequence of this reduction , and it is a question whether or not such a loss can be continued. The company are taking considerable risk in the interests of the shipping trade—certainly not in the interest of their own shareholders.

The proposed redaction is 75o. per ton, which is equal to a reduction of 10,000,000fr. or £400,000. The arrangement is just part and parcel of the London programme, and is by no means in consequence of the agitation which was set on foot a short time ago."

On the other hand there are shipping authorities who hold the view that the 75c. reduction is distinctly the outcome of the recent agitation.

“At first," said one of these gentlemen to the representative, "they only talked of a 25c. reduction, but, ultimately, a little sop of 75c. was suggested.

"The company are paying 28 per cent dividend on the shares, which is a breach of the London agreement All profit over 25 per cent., according to the terms of that arrangement, ought to go to a reduction of the tonnage dues, and if that were adhered to in all probability the rates would be brought down 2fr. or 3fr.

"The agreement to which I refer was between M. de Lesseps on the one hand, and the London Committee of Shipowners on the other. This is a clean, logical agreement, and would, nodoubt, hold good at law. It is a great deal more than an 'honorable understanding.’

"I learnt the other day from a gentleman of exceptionally high authority on these matters that the only explanation which can be given for men like those at the head of the Canal Company's affairs—including representatives of the British Government—practically breaking their word, lies in the fact that they have discovered that the London agreement, if adhered to, would place them in the position of fiduciary legatees. Still, the code of honor that regulates private firms should apply in the case of great companies.

“The company might have come to the shipowners and said, ‘We are in a mess—we must have this agreement altered.’ The shipowners, who have shown every disposition to be reasonable, would, no doubt, have consented to discuss the matter. Instead of that they have ridden rough-shod over everyone.

“As to the enforcement of the agreement, where is the court to enforce it ? The shipowners would have to go to France, and in an international affair of this kind they ought to have their own Government with them. The Government, however, at this time are sitting on the fence.”

RANK OF ABYSSINIA.

The preliminary articles of association of the Bank of Abyssinia wore signed by Sir Elwin Palmer, Messrs. F. T. Rowlatt, D. McGillivray, Bohor Naggar, Raphael Finzi, Humbert Ebano, and Alfred Vulliet. The bank will concern itself with banking, commercial, industrial, and financial business specially in Abyssinia, and with the consent of the Government will be able to issue notes and coin money. The capital is 100,000 shares of £5 each all of which has been fully subscribed. The chief office of the bank will bo at Adis Abeba, but its "siege social" will be at Cairo.

NEW NILE NAVIGATION CO.

The Delta and Upper Egypt Nile Naviga-Company has been formed with a capital of 10,000 shares of £4 each, all fully subscribed by the following Messrs. Ph. Th. Fotia-dis & Co., 3,125; Ph. Th. Fotiadis, 1,225; Ant. E. Benachi, 1,250 ; Const J. Choremi, 1,375; Etienne Delta, 1,250; Const A. Pringos, 1,025; Michel Mavrogordatos, 750. The seat of the company will bo at Alexandria. Its objects are evident from its title.

MORE NEW COMPANIES.

Two new companies are announced with a capital of one million pounds sterling apiece. "London Opinion,” of May  24, says :—There is a crop of new Egyptian land, industrial, And mining ventures coming along. Two of them are to have a capital of a million each ; one to act as a kind of General Mining and Finance Corporation for Egypt, and the other as a Land, Agricultural, and Trading concern.

NEW ROUTE TO EGYPT.
ROUMANIAN STEAMSHIP COMPANY
The Roumanian Steamship Company has ordered a new steamer for the Constanza-Alex-andria line at the Chantiers de La Loire at Saint Nazaire. The vessel, which is to cost frs. 2,340,000, will be the finest in the company’s fleet. She is to be named the "Emperor Trajan."

The new line to Alexandria is an extension of the Constanza-Constantinople-Athens service. This route has lately been brought into prominence owing to the new Constanza-Constantinople cable, which is of great economio importance. By this means, telegraphic correspondence will be increased
both between Berlin and Constantinople, on the one hand, and between Scutari, Angora, Mossul, Baghdad, Basra, and Fao on the other.

As regards mails, if the Constanza rente is adopted instead of the Brindisi line, the distance will be considerably shortened between Europe and Asia Minor, especially when the Baghdad railway is completed. There is now a rapid line of steamers between Constanza and Constantinople, and the Roumanian Government intends to extend the Athens line Alexandria.

ESBEKIEH GARDENS.
By kind permission of Major C. J. L. Davidson, D.S.O., commanding, and officers 2nd Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers the Band will perform the following selection of music Esbekieh Gardens to-morrow (Friday) at 9 p.m. :—

1 March--Greetings to Egypt-Tobisch.

2 Air de Ballet-Les toiles- Eaton.

3 Overture-Masaniello—Auber.

4 Song-Still wie die Nacht--Bohm.

5 Selection- Reminiscence of All Nations—A. Godfrey.

9 Valse-Amoretten Tanze—Gung'l

7	Musical Idyl—The Smithy  in the Wood—Michaelis.

8	Polka-Toujours Galant Fahrbach.


Regimental March.

Khedivial Anthem.

God Save the King.

R. Watson Ramsey, Bandmaster

PERSONAL AND SOCIAL.
H.H. Prince Abbas Halim Pasha and suite left for Constantinople yesterday by the
Lord Dormer arrived at Port Said from England yesterday by the Brindisi mail.
Hassan Mohsen Pasha and the Princess Mohsen and daughter are leaving by Austrian Lloyd’s S.S. “Cleopatra” on Saturday next for Trieste en route to the Tyrol. They rill return to Alexandria in October.
M. Jacques Lebaudy, the “Emperor of the Sahara," is said to have been camping in the desert at Helouan.
Captain the Hon. C. James, Assistant Financial Secretary, Egyptian Army, has been transferred to the Ministry of the Interior, with pay at the rate of L.E 450 per annum, from the 6th Jane.
H.H. the Khedive has been most graciously pleased to confer the grade of Sanieh on Mohamed Labib Bey, formerly Mamour, Kous Markaz, Keneh, now on pension.

H.H. the Khedive has been graciously  pleased to confer the rank of Commander (3rd class) of the Order of the Medjidieh on Langlois Bey, late of the Railway Administration.

Mr. Boyd Carpenter, first inspector of the Ministry of Public Instruction, is acting as Secretary-General of the Ministry during the absence of Mr. Douglas Dunlop.
Bimbashi C. Cobbe, Assistant-Commandant of Police, Alexandria City, has been granted the local rank of Kaimakam.
Mr. M. Moberly, Inspector in the Ministry of the Interior, has been appointed Assistant Commandant of Police, Cairo City, and has been granted the local rank of Kaimakam. The appointment dates from the 21st March.
Dr. Elie Vassilavo has been authorised to practise in Egypt.

Mr. Paul Cavafy, who has been very greatly indisposed for some time past, is, we are glad to bear, now convalescent, and has resumed his official duties at the Alexandria Municipality.

The Malta correspondent of the "New York Herald," writing on Saturday week, says :— A gloom has been cast over the island to-day by the death of Mrs. Balbi, wife of Major Balbi, of the Royal Malta Artillery. Though she had only recently arrived from Egypt, she had already become one of the best liked women in Malta. Mrs. Balbi died of Mediterranean fever, after a very short illness.”

[ANGLO-AMERICAN NILE STEAMER] AD

SPORT AND PLAY.
ALEXANDRIA CRICKET CLUB.

MATCH WITH LONDON COUNTY 
Members are informed that a match has been arranged between the London County and Egypt, at the Crystal Palace, on the 9th and 10th of August. Any members of the club who will be in England at that time, and are anxious to play, are requested to send their names and home addresses, as soon as possible, to Mr. G. Scott-Dalgleish, for selection.

KHEDIVIAL YACHT CLUB.

REGATTA.

The following is the result of yesterday’s regatta.

Class I.

Boat	Start Finish. Sailed by
1	Minnie	2.50.40 4.20.40 N.W.deCourcy
2	Celtic	2.56.12 4.21.17 Mr. Blagden
3	Banshee	3.06.18 4.24.53 T. McClure
Agamy	3.09.25 4.26.46 Mr. Ravalli
Tier el Mina 2.58.07 4.27.00 Capt. Borg 
Leman	3.02.10 4.27.35 M. de Planta
Jenny	2.53.20 gave up S. Dorling

The result therefore of the points scored during the last three races was as follows: 
Coot	1 + 1 + 0       =       2
Leman	4 + 1 + 1	=	6
Celtic	3 + 0 + 3	=	6
Banshee	1 + 8 + 2	=	6
Minnie	1 + 1+  4	=	6
Jenny	1 + 4 + 0	=	5
Agamy	0 + 2 + 1	=	8
Tier el Mina	1+0+1		2
Coot	1 +1 +0			

As the first four of the above boats had scored exactly the same number of points, a special race was run to decide the winner, particulars of which are given herewith Start. Finish.

Banshee	5.20.20	6.02.00

Leman	5.20.37	6.05.16

Minnie	5.20.32	6.07.06

Celtic	5.20.55	6.07.17

The "Minnie” won	on her time allowance

from the “Banshee.” The course sailed was one round of Course A, the time allowance being therefore halved.

Class II

Boat Start. Finish. Sailed by

1	Gumrook 3.24.44 5.43.18 Mr. Macauley

2	Masr 3.26.56 5.45.10 „ Francis 3 Shamrock 3.24.28 5.46.25 E. Gentilli

St George 3.27.30 5.47.40		

Calypso 3.34.17 5.49.06 0. Werner Akraba 3.18.30 5.50.25 Sagh. Phillips Jessica 3.18.25 5.56.23 Grafton Bey As the “Masr” on the three races had

scored 11 points against the next boat’s 8 she therefore won the prize.

Next week in Class I. the cup of Chitty Bey will be raced for; in Class II. points will

be scored as usual.

The handicap also has been revised. Yesterday there was a moderate breeze from

the N. N. W.

DONKEY GYMKHANA.

(From our Correspondent).

Port Said, Wednesday,

A very successful donkey gymkhana was held at Port Said on Saturday last, under the patronage of H.E. the Governor-General of the Canal, Mustapha Ibady Pasha, and was well attended, there being numerous entries for the various events. Results were as follow:—

I.	Driving race between bottles.—1st, Miss M. Guy and Mr. C. Broatch; 2nd, Mrs. Brown and Mr. Greaves.

II.	Tandem race.—1st, Mr. Guy; 2nd, Dr. Meade ; 3rd, Mr. Norman.

III.	Egg and spoon race.—1st, Mr. Brown , 2nd, Miss Hoole; 3rd, Miss Strange.

IV.	Tie race.—1st, A. Tweedie and Mrs, Stapledon; 2nd, A. V. Wallis and Miss N. Guy.

V.	Face to tail race.—1st, Mr. Guy;2nd, Mr. Parnis; 3rd, Mr. Tunstall.

VI.	Hand in hand race.—1st, A, V. Wallis and Miss M. Guy ; 2nd, J. Norman Yearsley.

VII.	Mathematical race.—1st, J. Thornton and Miss Hoole; 2nd, J. Norman and Mrs. Tweedie ; 3rd, A. Ingram and Mr. Swallow. Mr. Hasse came in an easy first but the addition by Mrs. Stapledon was wrong.

VIII.	Tug-of-war on donkeys.—A.V. Wallis’ team, which won twice against J. Chesman’s team, included Messrs. Tweedie, Tunstall, Warner, Norman, Parnis, Rodger, and Newton.

IX Extra tug-of-war— Shore team, composed of Messrs. Wallis, Tweedie, Norman and Tunstall, pulled over "Osiris” team after 17 minutes’ hard pull.

Capt. Hide, R. N. R., of the "Osiris,” acted as judge, Mr. F. Guy as starter, and Mrs. A. J. Tweedie very kindly distributed the prizes.

ARISTON AERATED WATERS AD

ENGLISH PENSION, ITALIAN RIVIERA AD

BECK & CO'S PILSENER BEER