THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, WEDNESDAY, MAY 31, 1905.

THE NAVAL BATTLE.

DESPATCHES FROM TOGO. 

RODJESTVENSKY A PRISONER.

ALL BATTLESHIPS LOST.

HOPES OF PEACE.
Tokio, May.30.

Despatches from Admiral Togo show that immediately the news was received that the Russians had been sighted, early on Saturday morning, the combined Japanese squadrons started the attack. The weather was line but a heavy sea was running. The enemy was encountered near Okoshima Island to the south-eastwards ot Tsu-Shima. The Russians were defeated and several ships were sunk, comprising, according to prisoners captured subsequently, the “Borodina," the “Emperor Alexander III," “Zemtchug,” and three others. The damage to the Japanese fleet is insignificant.

The destroyer and torpedo flotillas delivered the attack after sunset. The main Japanese force continued the pursuit and attacked, on Sunday to the north eastwards of Okoshima, a group consisting of the “Imperator Nicholas I,” the “Orel,” “Admiral Seniavin,” “Admiral Apraxen,” and “lzumrud.” The “lzumrud" withdrew but the remaining ships of the force surrendered. The Japanese fleet was undamaged. Admiral Niebogatoff and 2,000 prisoners were taken. All other vessels which Admiral Togo reports as sunk or captured are from reports of commanders not under his immediate command, who captured over 1,000 prisoners. It is not clear whether the names given include three unnamed vessels which the prisoners state to have boon sunk on Saturday.

Admiral Togo’s last despatch, received on Monday morning, states that the engagement is still in progress.    (Reuter.)

Washington, May 30.

The Navy Department has received official news from Tokio that the flagship “Nyaz Suvaroff,” has gone down, and Admiral Rodjestvensky is lost    (Reuter)

Tokio, May 30.

Ail the Russian ironclads sank, with the exception of the “Orel” and the “Imperator Nicholas,” which were captured.

Admirals Rodjestvensky and Foelkersahm are

prisoners.    (Havas.)

St. Petersburg, May 30.

The cruiser “Almaz,” the hospital-ship “Orel,” and a torpedo-boat have arrived at Vladivostok.    (Havas.)
St. Petersburg, May 30.

General Kazbel, commander of the fortress of Vladivostok, telegraphed to the Tsar yesterday the news of the disaster. It is inferred from this that some Russian ship or ships have escaped and arrived at Vladivostok.

The hospital-ship “Orel” and a torpedo-boat have reached Vladivostok.

The reports that Admiral Rodjestvensky has reached Vladivostok on board a torpedo-boat obtain credence in very high quarters here.

(Reuter.)

London, May 30.

Renter’s Agency learns from Vladivostok that the Russian cruiser “Almaz” has arrived there, and confirms the news of the sinking of the “Knyaz Suvaroff" though it is not explicitly said that Admiral Rodjestvensky was on board. Until now the Russian Admiralty has not been informed of the escape of any other vessel.    (Reuter.)

Tokio, May 30.

The captured battleship “Imperator Nicholas I., "General Admiral Apraxen,” and "Admiral Seniavin” were safely brought to Sasebo. The battleship “Orel” was brought to Maizuru.

(Reuter.)

Washington, May 30.

The State Department says that it is officially announced at Tokio that Admirals Rodjestvensky, Foelkersahm, and Niebogatoff are prisoners. All the battleships have been sunk with the exception of the "Orel” and "Imperator Nicholas I.,” which have been captured, (Reuter.)

Shanghai, May 30.

Six Russian transports arrived at Wusung and surrendered to the Chinese authorities. They will be interned in the harbour.

A small Russian cruiser has arrived here.

(Reuter.)

St. Petersburg, May 30.

The Russian public is being gradually informed of the full extent of the disaster. The afternoon papers were allowed to publish the the first part of Admiral Togo’s despatches, but without mentioning the names of the vessels captured or sunk.    (Reuter.)

London, May 30.

Markets are buoyant. Japanese securities are still rising ; they have gone up five since the battle. The hopes of peace are strengthened by the earnest advocacy of the French newspapers.    (Reuter.)
RUSSIANS SINK BRITISH SHIP.

Tokio, May 30.

Intelligence has reached here that the Rus-sians sank a British merchantman to the South of Formosa on the 20th inst.    (Reuter.)
KING ALFONSO IN PARIS.

Paris, May 30.

King Alfonso has arrived here. His Majesty was cordially received by M. Loubet. (R.)

Paris, May 30.

King Alfonso has arrived and was cheered by the populace. At the banquet at the Elysée M. Loubet and the King exchanged cordial toasts.    (Havas.)

LOCAL AND GENERAL.

The Brindisi Mail will be distributed at the G.P.O., Alexandria, at 9.30 p.m. to-day.

The Rains.—It is reported that the rainy season has begun early in the Upper Nile regions.

Festa del Statuto.—The Italian colonies at Alexandria and Cairo will celebrate their national fete on Sunday next

Postal Notice. — From 1st July the post office at Biala will be admitted to the specie and money order services.

Cape to Cairo. —The railhead of the Cape to Cairo railway is now seventy-seven miles beyond Victoria Falls.

For Crete.—Two non-commissioned officers and ten men of the Royal Army Medical Corps left Alexandria to-day lor Candia, Crete, for duty on the Island.
The Sinai Expedition.—Professor Flinders Petrie lectured at the Ashmolean Theatre, Oxford, last week on the results of his recent expedition to Sinai.

Stray and Ownerless Dogs found in the Sayeda Zeynab quarter of Cairo during Friday night and at daylight on Saturday will be poisoned by the police.
Drowning Fatality.—Yesterday a native youth, 18 years of age, while bathing between Dekheleh and Mex, was carried out to sea by the current and drowned.
Crushed to Death.—A boy, 10 years of age, while at work yesterday in a marble store at Saleh-el-Din-street, Alexandria, was crushed to death by a block of marble falling on him.
The Weather in Cairo.—The comparatively cool week-end, which was so welcome to Cairenes after the fortnight of excessive heat that they had been experiencing, made them hope that the weather bad become normal again, but yesterday it was as hot as ever and daring a considerable part of the day the thermometer registered 105° Fahr. in the shade.
Post Office Inspection. — Borton Bey, Assistant Postmaster General, has left Alexandria on an inspection of the post-offices in Lower Egypt He will be absent for about a week.

EQUINE Dysentery has attacked the horses of Sioufi Bey at Koubbeh. Three of his best horses have had to be killed. The Sanitary Administration is taking steps to prevent the spread of the disease, which is highly contagions.        

Egyptian Options.—The committee of the London Stock Exchange has appointed Wednesday, the 7th June, as a special settling day for Egyptian Options—20,000 Ord. shares of £1 each, fully and partly paid, Nos. 1 to 20,000.

Alhambra Theatre.—To-morrow, on the occasion of the Feast of the Ascension, a matinee performance of I Moschettieri al Con-vento will be given at the Alhambra. In the evening Madama Angot will be played. This evening, Gildadi Narbona is being given again.

The Weather in Cairo.—The comparatively cool week-end, which was so welcome to Cairenes after the fortnight of excessive heat that they had been experiencing, made them hope that the weather bad become normal again, but yesterday it was as hot as ever and daring a considerable part of the day the thermometer registered 105° Fahr. in the shade.

"That’s none of your business," a young bride is reported to have answered when her husband made some reference to the fact that she had been out all night. This is the right attitude for a self-respecting young wife of decision of character. If husbands are to meddle with every little household matter like this, it may justly be asked what is to become of the happiness of the home.

A Record Month.—The month, which ends to-day, has been the hottest May ever known in Cairo since climatic records were scientifically kept. 118“ has been registered in the shade, while even yesterday the thermometer at Cairo registered from 99° to 105" in the shade. At Alexandria the weather has been by no means abnormally hot and on many days a delightful breeze has been blowing, while in Cairo at the sametime the heat has been insupportable.

Important Notice.—The continual increase in the demand for house-to-house delivery of letters in Cairo and Alexandria renders it absolutely necessary that all persons in these towns desirous of such delivery shall have the number of the house and name of the Street in which they live indicated on their correspondence. Should by any chance a street be unnamed, then the quarter of the town in which it is situated must be indicated. Attention to these instructions is imperative to avoid delay and errors in the delivery of correspondence.

A Mummy Specialist.— One of the greatest authorities on the Egyptian mode,of embalmment and one of the leading experts in embalming in the world was Dr. Gannal, who died in Paris last week in his seventy-eighth year. His father was the chemist who invented the modern method of embalmment, and who died in 1852. Dr. Gannal improved upon his father’s process of injection to a remarkable extent. He was the author of a notable volume on real and apparent death. The deceased also wrote a treatise on burial and cremation, and contributed numerous papers to scientific periodicals on embalmment as practised by the Egyptians and other ancient people, on premature burials, and kindred subjects.

THE EGYPTIAN BOOM.

MORE NEW COMPANIES

AN APPEAL TO LORD CROMER.

The recent unprecedented booming of Egypt continues. Among the new companies, whose scene of action is to be in Egypt, are a number of cold storage companies. Some of the prospectuses of these companies are already out in London.

We may mention that Mr. Tilden-Smith, who is well-known in connection with West Australian companies, is promoting a trust company for Egyptian business.

We hear that the Rt. Hon. Sir James Ferguson, late Postmaster General, has joined the board of directors of a new company, which is being formed to acquire a large area of land in the neighbourhood of Alexandria, bringing in a total of L.E. 30,000 per annum. The capitalisation of this company will be £300,000, divided into 299,000 ordinary shares of £1 each and 20,000 founder’s shares of one shilling each. A well-known firm of London brokers are guaranteeing £100,000 towards the underwriting of this company. Sir Westby Perceval will probably be one of the colleagues of the Rt. Hon. Sir James Ferguson.

In connection with the forthcoming flotation of the great industrial company to be known as “Egypt, Limited," we hear that the biggest New York issuing house is one of the largest guarantors in connection with the two million pounds mortgage bank, which Egypt, Limited, intends floating.

The land of which Egypt, Limited, has the refusal is estimated to yield ton per cent. on the total capitalisation of the company for fifteen years. At the end of this period Egypt, Limited, will have assets worth over £750,000, or, in other words, three times the capitalisation of the company.

Egyptian Options has a new Egyptian oompany on the cards, connected with the acquisition of land near Damietta. This company is taking offices both in Alexandria and in Cairo.

In October or November next, the British-Egypt Syndicate, Limited, will appear on the scene. This syndicate will promote a company with a capitalisation of £200,000 to be called Egyptian Industries, Limited. The board will comprise at least two well-known names connected with banking in London. The larger portion of the capital of the British Egyptian Syndicate has already been subscribed in Egypt.

In order to compensate for the recent loss of Mr. Charles Cammell, one of the directors of the Egyptian Trust and Investment, Limited, his son-in-law, Mr. H. W. Wilson,

nephew of Sir Alexander Wilson, has consented to join the board of Egypt, Limited. This gentleman is one of the directors of Messrs. Cammell, Laird and Company, who built one of Admiral Togo’s battleships which contributed to the recent victory in the Korean Straits.

By way of diversion to the various land, trust, and bank companies, which are now being floated wholesale for the sake of developing Egypt, it is not out of the way to mention a great company, which is to find gold in the Mediterranean sea off Alexandria, and which is to be floated in London. This company will work the continuous gold-finding process, invented by Mr. Snell. This promotion is being made after careful investigation by such well-known scientific men as Professor Sir William Ramsay, F.R.D., Professor Liversedge, Mr. N. D. Littlefield, and F. S. Rawson, C.E.M.I.E.E. It is estimated that every ton of sea water yields about half a grain of gold. The working expenses are only about 25 per cent. of that. When this company starts at Alexandria the shareholders will always be able to inspect the working, which will be carried on night and day.

A correspondent writes :—

It is sincerely to be hoped that the Egyptian investor will bo careful in his selection of new companies to place his savings in. I cannot understand why the Egyptian Government and Lord Cromer do not stop the wild speculation. Lord Cromer paid so much attention to safeguarding the interests of both the Egyptian and foreign investors in connection with the promotion of mining companies in Egypt and the Sudan, that he is not likely to countenance the indiscriminate flotation of an enormous amount of limited liability companies connected with Egypt, when it is a notorious fact that in many oases these companies are being launched without any genuine, definite object The name of Baring bears such a high reputation in the city of London that one word of caution from his lordship would be enough to guide the careless investor in regard to the prospects of many of the companies now being placed wholesale before the public.

ASSOCIATED COTTON GINNERS.

The members of the new board of the Associated Cotton Ginners of Egypt have been elected, as follows : Messrs. C. von Tschudi, president; E. A. Benachi and 8. Carver, vice-presidents.

WINDSOR HOTEL

Largest 1st class and most comfortable Hotel In Alexandria. Facing the sea Central position. Under English management

CARLTON HOTEL
Bulkeley, Ramleh

COUNCIL OF MINISTERS.

IMPORTANT DECISIONS.

The Council of Ministers met yesterday morning at the Ministry of the Interior under the presidency of the Regent, H. E. Mustapha Pasha Fahmy, and approved the following:—

Augmentation of the capital of the National Bank of Egypt.

Approval of the statutes of the Land Building Company, Limited, the Bank of Abyssinia, and the Darbieh Land Company.

The opening of necessary credits for the construction of quays at the port of Alexandria and of lighthouses, the enlargement of the Bacteriological Institute, the construction of an Anti-Rabic Institute, and the construction of barracks at Ras el Tin.

The delegation of Sir William Garstin to act as Financial Adviser during the absence of Mr. Mitchell Innes, acting Financial Adviser.

The delegation of Mr. Clifton to act as Under Secretary of State for Public Works daring the absence of Mr. Perry.

A decree declaring the construction of an agricultural railway in the province of Gharbieh by the Egyptian Delta Light Railway Company to be of public utility.

A decree modifying twelve articles of the tariff of costs in civil cases coming before the Mixed Tribunals.

Seven decrees authorising the construction of new cemeteries, the present number of cemeteries in Egypt being insufficient.

A decree convoking a meeting of the provincial council of the Fayoum Moudirieh for the 10th Jane for the election of a new member to take the place of Mohamed Bey Eweiss, deceased.

LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.
The Legislative Council will meet to-morrow, when the following matters will come under discussion : Extension of the prohibition of irrigation of sharaki lands in Upper and Lower Egypt ; draft regulations concerning rabies ; modification of the Recruiting Law in so far as concerns the examinations of fikis ; draft laws for Marsa Matrouh.

ASSIZE COURTS.
The sittings of the Assize Courts for the next six months will be held on the following dates :

Cairo. July 10, August 12, September 9, October 9, November 11, December 4.

Alexandria. July 1, August 1, September 2, October 1, November 1, December 4.

Tantah. July 5, August 5, September 6, October 7, November 13, December 4.

Zagazig. July 1, August 1, September 1, October 1, November 7, December 4.

FAYOUM BRIGANDAGE CASE.
The case of brigandage at Biahmo in the Fayoum, which occurred on the night of the 5th May and of which full reports have been given in the “Egyptian Gazette,” is still the subject of official inquiry.

The latest reports which have been received by the Ministry of the Interior inform us that the evidence pointed to certain natives of Nawamis village, Beni Souef Moudirieh, being guilty of the crime and to part of the stolen property being in their possession. The police officials therefore proceeded to this village and arrested the suspected men. On searching their houses and those of their relatives the police found some of the jewellery which had been stolen, and which was identified by the victim of the attack, as belonging to him.

During the inquiry one of Said Suliman’s (the victim’s) women-servants identified one of the men who had been arrested, and declared that he had called her out when the theft was being committee. The wife of another of the accused persons, in whose possession some of the stolen goods had been found, confessed that these were her husband’s share of the spoil, and also named seven of the arrested men (13 in all) and affirmed that they had been with her husband when the goods had been divided.

It further transpired that another of the accused had met a silversmith who pays visits to the villages of these parts to buy old jewellery and that he had offered to sell some of the stolen jewellery to this man.

The omdeh of the village deposed that some of the accused were absent from their homes on the night of the crime. Furthermore, one of the villagers, in giving evidence, said that he and his wife were walking towards the village from the Fayoum they saw several of the accused walking in the direction of Biahmo.

The charge is evidently well established against most of the accused men, and but little doubt of their guilt remains. The inquiry is still being continued, and it is hoped that further evidence will reveal the guilt of the arrested band and furnish information which will lead to the rest of the stolen property being recovered.

STEAMER MOVEMENTS.
The S.S. “Assouan” will leave Alexandria on Saturday and Port Said Sunday for Jaffa, Caiffa, Beyrout, Tripoli, Messina and Alex-andretta.    

TYPHI - Weissenstein Castle 841 X 1 AUJL. ft First-class private hotel near Windisoh-Matroi; Station, Liens (reached from Venice or Trieste). Good mountaineering centre. Tennis. Fishing, beet June and September. Prospectuses and Pho-Boe, Cairo.

THE JUDICIAL COMMISSION.

PETTY OBSTRUCTION.

We hear that some of the important measures awaiting the sanction of the International Judicial Commission are being blocked by the representatives of Denmark and Spain. These countries have an infinitesimal interest and hardly any subjects here, the only Spanish subject known to us besides a few officials and monks being H. E. Chakour Pasha, late Director-General of the Alexandria Municipality, who is of course of Syrian origin. The interests of Denmark in Egypt are as unimportant as those of Spain. The cantankerous conduct of the representatives of these Powers in blocking measures on which England, France, and other Great Powers are in accord is a striking and humorous commentary on Egypt’s situation.

ANGLO AMERICAN NILE STEAMERS AND HOTEL CO.

The ordinary general meeting of the shareholders of this company was held at the Continental Hotel, Cairo, yesterday afternoon, when 8,706 shares were represented. The chair was taken by Sir John Rogers, K.C.M.G., D.S.O., chairman of the board of directors.

The directors’ report, which appeared in our issue of yesterday, was adopted unanimously.

After the adoption of the report 8ir John Rogers said that he was exceedingly sorry to inform the meeting that Mr. Rowlatt had resigned his position on the board on account of pressure of work. The meeting confirmed the appointment of Mr. Astley Friend in the place of Mr. Rowlatt.

The firm of Messrs. Russell and Kerr was appointed to fill the place of Mr. Raphael Finzi as auditor.

Sir John Rogers was re-appointed as chairman of the board of directors.

Before the conclusion of the meeting Sir John Rogers announced that the dividend would be paid on June 1st.

PIGEON SHOOTING.

To the Editor of the Egyptian Gazette.

Dear Sir, — In your issue of yesterday "Humanitarian” protests against the creation of a pigeon shooting club on the grounds of the Alexandria Sporting Club, urging that the sport is a cruel one, and one that is being abandoned in England chiefly owing disapprobation of Queen Alexandra.

Might I be allowed to point out, firstly, that we are not in England, and secondly, that there are many members of the Sporting Club who are not English, and who consequently have other ideas on the subject In Spa and Ostend and Monte Carlo any Englishman who protested against the existence of the famous pigeon clubs there would scarcely obtain a hearing. Why, then, should the non-English members of Alexandria be prevented from shooting pigeons, and in what way is pigeon shooting more cruel than running a fox to death with a pack of hounds or setting two greyhounds after a miserable hare t — Yours obediently,    “Pigeon.”

Alexandria, May 30.



To the Editor of the Egyptian Gazette.

Sir,—I should like to call your attention to one aspect of this question which has not been touched upon in the two letters yon have published. Potting aside the purely humanitarian point of view, is it fair to introduce, for the amusement of a small minority, a “sport” which cannot be earned on without destroying the pleasure and enjoyment of a large propor-tion of the members ? Speaking for myself (and probably most other lady members will agree with me), I could certainly no longer go there with any pleasure when the shooting is taking place, knowing as I should that every report would mean the death knell of some poor little bird, or still worse, that it should flutter about wounded, to be finally caught and tortured, as it certainly would be in this country. Some may disagree with me and think that it is mere sentimentality to condemn pigeon shooting, but at any rate there can be no excuse for introducing it into a general club such as the Sporting— practically the only general recreation ground in Alexandria—especially in view of the fact that there are already other places in the neighbourhood where people can indulge in this form of “sport" without giving pain to others.

Finally, I should like to know whether this question is to be decided by the committee without any reference to the opinions of the members as a body ?—I am, etc.,
Ramleh, May 30.
ALEXANDRIA FIRST AID SOCIETY.
The following subscriptions have been received by the society for the. purchase of an
ambulance : —

Messrs. G. Slodre, P.T. 400 ; F. Pultrabek, P.T. 200; L 8., P.T. 195; M. 8., P.T. 97. 50 ; E. S. P.T. 80 ; Ed. Echopp, P.T. 105 ; S. H Carver, P.T. 97.50 ; L L Echopp, P.T. 97.50 ; N. Lombardo, P.T. 100 ; Steinemann Mabardi & Co. P.T. 195 ; A. de Menasce, P.T. 390 ; Rotaker, P.T. 100 ; Dr. Enrico Lucchese, P.T.97.50; S.Celi,P.T. 97.50; N.N., P.T. 97.50; N. N., P.T. 800 ; Austrian Lloyd, P.T. 100 ; R. Rolo & figlio, P.T. 200 ; J. de Menasce & figlio, P.T. 200 ; Nav. Generale Italiana, P.T. 97.50; I.P. & Co., P.T. 200; R. Tilche et figlio, P.T. 97.50 ; Society de Pressage et Depot, P.T. 97.50 ; Giorgio Paralli, P.T. 97.50.

Total, P.T. 4,330.

PERSONAL AND SOCIAL.

Among the passengers leaving for Europe to-day by the S.S. “Hohenzollern” are Princess Faika Izzet, Mr. Vincent Corbett, the Financial Adviser, Chakour Pasha, Hogg Bey, Osman Cherif Bey, Mr. and Mrs. E. W. P. Foster, Dr. and Mrs. Milton, Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Rees, Zananiri Bey, etc.

Mr. Horace Rumbold, second secretary at the British Agency, has left for England via Port Said.

Mrs. Ruffer is leaving for Europe on the 9th June. The date of the departure for Europe of the President of the Quarantine Board is as yet undecided.

H.H. the Khedive has bestowed the Order of the Osmanieh (4th class) on Mohamed Bey Hachen, a notable of Beni Souef, and the rank of Moutemaiz on Khalil Bey Chahin, a contractor.

Among the arrivals at the Savoy Hotel, Port Said, we notice Mr. and Mme. DubUrquet, Mr. W. H. Perkins, Mr. F. Bosshardt, Mr. Anthony, Mme. Mennier, Capt. Battine, Mr. E. B. Shaw, Miss Morgan, Miss Chaplin, Mrs. P. Smith and children, Mrs. Callet and children, Consul-General J.W. Riddle, Mr. AC. Garofallo, Idris Ragheb Bey, Mr. G. Trautshald, the Misses Hyde Page, Mr. and Mrs. Verschoyle and children, Mrs. Adams, Mr. Kings-ford and family, Mahmoud Salem, Mrs. and Miss Dunbar.

PASSENGER LISTS.

DEPARTURES.

Per S.S. “Hohenzollern" left Alexandria today for Marseilles

Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Aghion, Mr. Maurice Aghion, Mr. Gustave Aghion, Miss Aghion, Mr. Edouard Aghion, Mr. Gabriel Aghion, Mr. and Mrs. Paul Agopian, Mr. Abdou, Mr. and Miss Barker, Mrs. Bialobos, Mrs. Ph. Back, Mr. and Mrs. Georges Borsali, Miss Elise Basergi, Mrs. Baylis and child, Mrs. G. Boustros, Mr. Alex. Boustros, Mr. B. Boustros, Mr. J. Boustros, Mr. Boustros, Chakour Pasha, Osman Cherif Bey, Mrs. Cherif, Miss Cherif, Mrs. Sarah Cohen, Miss Mary Cohen, Miss Jeanne Cohen, Mr. and Mrs. Albert Cattaui, Mr. E H. Vincent Corbett, Miss Flora Campagnano, Mrs. M. C. Carman, Miss Dusa, Mr. Delaygue, Mr. Jules Dubault, Princess Faika Izzat, Mr. and Mrs. Perceval Foster, Mrs. Paul Gussone, Mr. Hugo Hackh, Mr. and Mrs, J. G. Hunt, Mr. and Mrs. Huett, Hogg Bey, Mr. and Mrs. D. Klarsfeld, Mrs. Mires, Mr. A. Mieli, Dr. and Mrs. Milton, Mr. Harned Mauardi, Mrs. Macredie, Mr. and Mrs. McClenaham, Mrs. Emilie Matthieu, Mr. Joseph Musseri, Miss Owen, Mr. Em. Paras Reva, Mr. and Mrs. Claude Rolo, Mr. and Mrs. Robinson, Capt. and Mrs. Rutherham, Mr. and Mrs. William B. Rees, Aly Bey Saddik, Mr. Jean Salvago, Mr. Stefi Salvago, Mr. G. R. Smith, Mrs. Schirmer, Mr. Franz Stasa, Mr. H. Shultz, Mrs. L. Teurquetil, Mr. and Mrs. Titus, Mr. B. West Taylor, Mias Upjohn, Mr. A. Vende-miati, Mr. J. W. and Miss Williamson, Mrs. M. Yoannovioh, Mr. Jules Zivy, Zananiri Bey, Mrs. Zananiri, Miss Zananiri.
CAUTION.

PETER KOHLER & NEST LB’S

CHOCOLATES.

Messrs. Henri Nestle having heard that Mr. J. Vivante has been calling on certain houses and representing himself as their agent and traveller, they hereby inform all merchants and traders that this gentleman has no authority to represent them or use their name, and that the sole agents for the sale of the Chocolates of Messrs. Peter Kohler & Nestle is Mr. A.-R. Giro, Alexandria and Cairo.

36030-3a-2

AVIS
CHOCOLATE PETER-KOHLER et NESTLE

Londres-Vevey-Suissb.

M. Henri Nestle ayant dtd informe qne M. J. Vivante s’est presente k diverges maisons de oommeroe en son nom oomme agent voya-genr, il a l’honneur d’informer le publio qne oe Monsieur n’a rien do oommun avecsa maison ni droit ou titre k oette pretention.

L’Agent General pour l’Egypte est M. A. Giro.

Alexandria et le Cairo.    26039-8a-2
Anglo-American Nile Steamer,

«S HOTEL OOMPANY.

R1Y£H TRAI8P0RT OF 00003 BETWtEI ALOAIORU 4 OAIRO Thr** Sailing* n-Wnnk.

BECK & CO’S PILSENER BEER
•e. PM DAY, WINK INCLUDED’ NSW-IMM